removed experimental note for nested H1 and added to 140 CSS Removal (#39870)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/140/index.md

#### Removals

> - The `<h1>` heading doesn't decrease in font size now when nested within [sectioning elements](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#sectioning_content) `<article>`, `<aside>`, `<nav>`, and `<section>`. The UA styles for `<h1>` nested within sectioning elements are no longer relevant since the outline algorithm [has been removed](https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/7829) from the HTML specification. ([Firefox bug 1964922](https://bugzil.la/1964922)).

Reviewer: For more clarity, should we begin this update with first stating what's been removed?
And then explain what the previous behavior was doing. WDYT about:
```suggestion
- The UA styles for `<h1>` elements nested within [sectioning elements](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Guides/Content_categories#sectioning_content) have been removed, following the [removal of the outline algorithm](https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/7829) from the HTML specification. Previously, the `<h1>` headings nested within `<article>`, `<aside>`, `<nav>`, and `<section>` would appear smaller. Now, `<h1>` elements have a consistent font size, regardless of the nesting. ([Firefox bug 1964922](https://bugzil.la/1964922)).
```
